If you insist, but I shall not give up on Kristen.
She's my destined mate, and nobody shall separate us.
We shall not let some third person ruin what we have.
I used to doubt Alan. I feel so ashamed.
No, I don't want to be burned.
Oh, my Kristen.
You're pressuring Alan.
This isn't good.
Alan, hearing you say this, it's already enough.
I'm willing to leave this palace as long as I know that you have me in your heart.
Please, for your own sake, just reject me.
Kristen, no. Nothing can separate us.
You are my partner.
Cassius, I am very disappointed in you.
Majesty, just because of some necklace, you believe in all of Anna's lies.
Your Majesty, how can you say such things?
I really am his sister.
Bring the evidence.
Alpha Justin from the Blackwind tribe found Kristen just a few days ago,
claiming that she had treacherous blood.
This made me suspicious and immediately reminded me that perhaps she's from the Silvermoon tribe.
Then I remember you and your search for your sister.
So I had someone examine a cup, taking your DNA and finding a match with Kristen.
The results are all there. See for yourself.
The DNA matches. You lied to me.
And where did you get that necklace from?
I didn't deceive you. This really is my necklace.
Maybe, maybe we're just lost siblings, you know?
I lost my parents when I was nine years old, and I don't remember having two sisters.
It's Kristen, please.
Sister, I didn't know.
I'm just so happy to have a brother.
Now, can you accept Kristen as your queen?
She's also a descendant of an Alpha.
Your Majesty, I was wrong. I did lie.
I found this necklace in the garden, but I wanted to have a family so badly.
Please, your Majesty, please forgive me for the sake of my deceased father.
I genuinely like you.
Indeed, your Majesty, regardless of anything, her father was a lifesaver to the late King. Please spare her.
Hmm. Even if I can't become queen, I will still be Alan's woman, enjoying wealth and prosperity.
Fine. I won't punish you. But this is the last time.
You've already lied to me once about being my true love. You have crossed my bottom line.
Your Majesty, there's something else I need to tell you.
Because I thought she was my sister, I was protecting her.
A few days ago, she said Kristen accidentally bumped into her and spilled the coffee. That's not true.
She did it deliberately. She lied. The so did I. Please forgive me, your Majesty.
What I can't believe is.
Even if you have feelings for King Alan, you mustn't resort to such low tactics.
As the future queen of the lichens, you must be dignified.
I'm sorry, your Majesty. I got confused.
Kristen, she's lying. I can feel it.
I was told you no, Kristen. It's our ability. True heart. Once we hear a lie, we get a headache.
Miss Anna, I knew your father. Tom, he was a brave man, and when I was in danger, he stood in front of me without hesitation.
If you were his daughter, you would have inherited some of his courageous traits, not playing these silly games.
Your Majesty, you...
Understand your Majesty, you're right. I will remember your teachings and strive to learn from my father.
I swear I will never do anything to dishonor my father's reputation again.
You imp...
Elder Anthony, what wrong?
Have met Alpha Tom, because Alpha Tom passed away long before his Majesty Alan was even born.
You don't know when your old father died? Not be the real Miss Anna, almost.
Your Majesty, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to deceive you, but I was instructed to do all this by someone...
Tell me who instructed you to do this, and be honest, confess, and I shall be lenient.
I was instructed.
Must have activated when she tried to reveal the mastermind behind her plans.
Who would do such a thing? Who could be so ruthless? She didn't deserve to die like this.
I shall investigate this further for now, meeting adjourned.
Yes, Your Majesty.
I already have a suspect in mind. It must be the person that tried to get...
Only he and Amelia wish me dead. And the other day he tried to convince me that I'm a traitor.
It's most likely him. But we can't just accuse him and start a war with them.
With that, Black Wind tried without having any solid evidence.
But don't worry, Cassie and I will take care of you.
Sister, I will protect you. You can trust us.
Brother, I'm not afraid. I trust you.
Didn't you say the plan was going to succeed? Why, as Christine become the lunar?
The idiot you found almost exposed us. If Allen figures it out, we're all going to war.
Justin, we still have one last resort. This time, it will definitely work.
I know some powerful witch.
I will go find her. She has some black magic to deal with King Allen.
I smell a scent of a werewolf. How dare a werewolf, trust pass to my territory.
Aren't you afraid of death? Great witch. I've come to seek in cooperation.
I'm willing to sell my soul and seek your hell.
I know what you want, child.
Grip your blood on this crystal ball and I will give you what you desire.
These are potions that can fulfill your wishes. That's great.
Remember, after you go to hell, I will come for you.
In his Kristen, his Majesty Allen has ordered a new batch of clothes for you.
Do you want to try them on immediately?
That's all I've been doing lately, Ray. Just try not on your clothes.
I'm not sure that King Allen has been sent in with me instead.
Your Majesty, Kristen. His Majesty Allen is working overtime for you.
He'll be delighted. Shall we?
Courage. Take it to my bedroom.
Excuse me? He'll look kind of familiar. How about you seeing you somewhere?
Hi, Miss Kristen. You must have mistaken me with someone else.
My ability is activated. The man is lying. He's suspicious.
Is the vehicle Allen?
Oh, he's too busy investigating Justin. I probably just thought we're thinking.
Of course. I know such lowly tricks won't fool you.
But, my target this time is not you, Kristen.
With Kristen's hair, I can transform into her through witchcraft.
Kristen, what brings you here?
Oh, I made courage for Allen, and I wanted to give it to him.
That's so sweet. Go ahead.
This is indeed, but Cassius didn't recognize me as a fan.
Kristen, I thought you were resting.
Darling, how can I not come in and keep you company?
Well, you're working. You must be hungry.
I made you some porridge.
This is delicious.
That's it.
That's it. That's it.
That's it. Is Allen there? I have something to tell you.
Kristen, what are you doing here? You were just with the king, Miss.
What? No, I just arrived.
Assassin, behind us. Emergency. Help me, Mark.
Help me, Mark. Help me, Mark.
The assassin's gone through the window. Do you stay with him here?
Call the doctor. I'm going to go after the assassin.
Don't worry, Miss Kristen. King Allen is healthy.
He's just unconscious for now.
Sister, we searched the entire area looking for suspicious characters,
but we didn't find anyone. I'm sorry.
The assassin disguised as you has got away.
Next on water, I'm Kristen, your partner. Ask your wolf.
My wolf. He's not responding.
How is this possible? Doctor, please examine me.
Yes, Alpha Cassius. It's a very rare dark magic.
His wolf has fallen into a deep sleep.
Miss Kristen, please, don't get upset. We will find a solution.
Allen, please look at me. Look at me, Allen.
I'm Kristen. Martin, do you remember?
Cassius, who is this? Your Majesty, it's true.
Miss Kristen, indeed, is your partner. You are deeply in love.
Is that so?
You've had a spell put on your mind, and that's why you can't remember her.
I trust only my wolf, and so my wolf arises.
You let nobody near me, and escort this lady away from me.
Your Majesty, no, no. You and Miss Kristen are deeply in love.
You cannot do this. We will find a solution very soon.
Cassius, do not disobey me.
So you really don't trust me, don't you? Fine.
Kristen, don't be so impulsive. I know you're upset.
Kristen, you can stay in the palace. You'll be safe. Kristen, you're my only sister.
Why, he doesn't believe me. I just can't take this anymore.
Since my fault, I did the assassin get close to you because he was impersonating you.
I didn't know it was my fault. His Majesty will remember you again.
I can't stay in this house anymore. I'm leaving.
Kristen, you have to stay here, Kristen. I am the alpha.
I am His Majesty's right-hand man. If I declare for you to be safe here, you are safe.
Stay here with me.
Stop right there. What's the matter?
You bunch. You used a flange in front of us, thinking you could become a queen.
Too bad. His Majesty only sees you as a plaything.
Move aside. I don't have time for pity people like you.
You humiliated us before. Now you want to leave? No way.
I didn't humiliate you. You were the ones blinded by people like Anna.
Even gossiping about me. Put her head in the dirt.
His Majesty abandoned her. Tear her and throw them in the river.
His Majesty will not protect you now.
Is going on here.
Anyone disrespecting Princess Kristen is fired.
Alpha Cassius, what if we do wrong? His Majesty has announced her departure.
She's not the future queen.
First of all, His Majesty has not rejected Princess Kristen.
Second of all, I forbid you from engaging in baseless gossip.
Finally, even if she's not the queen, she's my sister.
Go. Go.
I'm sorry, Kristen. I never expected them to disrespect you.
Brother, I still want to leave the palace.
Helen doesn't love me anymore. And I can take care of myself.
I don't want to hear this rumors. I have my pride.
Kristen, I'll send the guards to protect you, but be careful.
I'm going to find the assassin and the antidote.
Perficient.
Please.
But it's sparsely populated here. I've always been unsafe, Kristen.
Let's go back. It's getting late. What's that?
Finally, I'll get you. You can't escape my grip.
Christine, you didn't expect to see me, huh?
It's you!
Tell me. How does it feel to be abandoned?
His Majesty threw you away like garbage.
If you hadn't rejected me before, it wouldn't end like this.
You asshole. See you were orchestrating those whole things right from the beginning.
Now even if I knew I would end up like this and become this long wolf,
I would still reject you a thousand times over.
Even now, you dare to tell you like this.
I will show you my real power.
You're nothing.
Fuck you.
Alpha.
His Majesty is coming to inspect our tribe.
Again?
Lucky bitch. Wait until I put out the fire. I will come after you.
Don't expect his Majesty, Alan, to save you. He doesn't even know who you are.
Kristen, we must escape while we have the chance.
Your Majesty, King Alan. What brings you back to our tribe?
Inspection again?
Again?
What do you mean? So are you saying that I've been here before?
No. I forgot that Alan forgot about Christine. I can't let him remember that bitch.
It's my mistake here. Majesty hasn't had your dinner yet, have you?
I have prepared for you a big feast. You may like it.
I'm here investigating the assassin that poisoned me, and since then my wolf has been in a deep sleep.
All clues point to your tribe, Alpha Justin.
How is that possible? Is there a traitor in our tribe? Rest assured, I will take care of it.
Justin, that bitch escaped.
Can't you see that I'm hosting his Majesty? Get out.
I didn't know. I'm sorry your Majesty. I will leave now.
Stop. What was that you were saying about? A Kristen? Who is this?
Just a criminal in our tribe. Your Majesty, you don't need to worry about her.
Yes, she's just a criminal, Your Majesty. Shall we continue with dinner?
If there is a criminal on the loose, I suggest you go and find her and bring her back for questioning.
Yes, yes, Your Majesty. Better not mess it up. Otherwise we're all finished.
He already forgot her. We should be fine. Your Majesty, you see it's her, but she's definitely not the criminal who tried to kill you.
We've had her locked up here for over a month.
A month? Then why does she still have his face covering? Remove it immediately.
Your Majesty, there's no need. Criminal will only dirty your eyes.
Are you deaf? I said remove it. What crime has she committed?
Your Majesty, Alan, it's nothing serious. You don't have to worry since you've seen her. I'll take her away.
No. Untie her. I have questions that I would like to personally ask her.
Alan, it's me, Kristen. Don't you remember me?
I have to take this call. Offer Justin. Question her.
As you wretch, how dare you scream in front of his Majesty, Alan? He doesn't even recognize you anymore.
Only you and Justin can stood to such disgusting measures to get back at me. You poisoned him.
So what if it is? What can you do to us now, huh?
Do what you want with me. But King Alan never did anything bad to black and try.
What dare you poison him? If not this way, how could we make him forget you, wench?
Amelia, finish her off. If it's Majesty asks, we say she committed suicide.
Stop or you'll face the ultimate punishment.
I heard everything. Alpha Justin of the Black Wind Tribe admitted to conspiring with his mistress Amelia to assassinate the King Lyakin.
They poisoned his Majesty Alan, hoping to prevent Princess Kristen from becoming queen.
Your Majesty Alan, have mercy, have mercy. It was not my idea. It was all Justin's doing.
Bitch, how dare you drag me down with you.
Arrest these two criminals. They'll meet their fate in our justice system.
Of course I didn't. The werewolf, Poison, has been wearing off for some time.
Cassius came up with a clever plan, and how to expose these traitors as soon as possible.
In future, you won't use such unethical methods, and I'm sorry that we had to put you from such distress.
Creaminess will give up either serve. After the trial is over, I'll make you my queen.
Alpha Justin, you have violated the werewolf constitution, abused personal power, mistreated the werewolf community,
and conspired with your lover to assassinate King Lyakin.
You are sentenced to lifelong exile, expelled from the wolf pack to become a lone wolf.
As for werewolf Amelia, you poisoned King Lyakin, colluded with witches and aggravated crime.
You deserve the death penalty.
But due to forgiveness certificates issued by the victims, his Majesty King Lyakin and Miss Kristen,
you will also be sentenced to lifelong exile, becoming a lone wolf.
What? No, I sacrificed everything, refused to accept.
Court adjourned.
Christine, I've read everything that I've done to you. I really loved you.
Your love is a joke.
It's a little bit late for that, Justin. I accept your apology.
Your Majesty, you look absolutely stunning today.
King Allen will be amazed.
Actually, maybe King Allen.
Go on, my queen. Don't keep Emperor Allen waiting for too long.
Our King Ly and his Queen Kristen leading out of better future.
I swear by the moon goddess that from this day forward I shall entrust my life and my heart to you entirely.
I shall love you more each day until the end of my days.
And you'll be the stars that illuminate my remaining life.
Will you be my queen?
Yes, I'll be right on.
Your Majesty, kiss the queen.
Because he's in.
And I'll try harder.